Correct and expand documentation for the ImageDecoder API. (#16951)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/imagedecoder/imagedecoder/index.md

> - `init`

Reviewer: On line 12, please change the incorrect {{DefaultAPISidebar("WebCodecs API")}} to {{APIRef("WebCodecs API")}}. Thank you.

  - : An object containing the following members:
    - `type`

>       - : A string containing the [MIME type](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Media_type) of the image file to be decoded.

Reviewer: We have an internal link.

```suggestion
      - : A string containing the [MIME type](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types) of the image file to be decoded.
```

Author: Done in all cases.

>       - : A {{domxref("USVString")}} containing the [MIME type](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types) of the image file to be decoded.

Reviewer: Sorry, I missed this one. We are retiring `DOMString`, `USVString` and `CSSOMString` as these names are invisible for a web dev, in the console for example.

(By retiring, I mean the pages will be deleted by the end of the week).
```suggestion
      - : A string containing the [MIME type](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types) of the image file to be decoded.
```
